
Instructions for using this Bash Menu Script.

The name of the bash file is LinuxBash.sh. You can extract it from the LinuxProj_Luis_2022 
folder (you have to copy the whole folder because it has other scripts linked to it for it 
to work) and paste it in any other folder. To run it just write ./LinuxBash.sh and that's 
it, it will show you the menu.

The first thing you will see is the automatic execution of a script that shows the current 
date and time and another script that sends VS Code a text file that is the manual with 
information for the use of this menu. Choose an option (number) and play with it!

Option 1 - Weather in a city: type the number 1. It will ask you for the name of the capital 
city of any country, press enter and then it will show you the result.

Option 2 - Create a website project: type the name of the folder where you want the pattern of 
the web page to be copied, press enter and the path and directory created with the sample 
copied inside will be displayed on the screen.

Option 3 - Directory search: you can write the name of the file if it is in the same directory 
as bash, otherwise write the path and the name of the directory to search for. Press enter, the 
result shows you everything inside this directory. Example: ODIN or /ODIN/assets.

Option 4 - Make a directory: Write the name of the new directory. Press enter, then it will 
show you a directory created message.

Option 5 - Delete a directory: Enter the directory name. Press enter, if the directory does 
not exist it will show you a directory does not exist message. Otherwise it will delete it and 
show a message directory is deleted.

Option 6 - Make a file: Write the name of the new file. Press enter, then it will show you a 
new file created message.

Option 7 - Read a file: Write the file name or path plus the file name to search for. Press enter, 
if the file exists it will show you its content otherwise a message file does not exist.

Option 8 - Enter data into a file: write the name of the file where you want to enter data, press 
enter, first it will show you the content of the file before entering data, then a message to 
enter data. Now you can type data and then press enter.

Option 9 - Delete a file: Type the name of the file to delete. Press enter, it will ask you (y) 
which is yes to delete or (n) no to not delete and the script ends.

Remember that when you manipulate a file you must write its name and extension, otherwise it 
will give you an error.

You can read the ManMenu.txt file that is inside the LinuxProj_Luis_2022 folder. this is the 
user manual for this LinuxBash script